README.md, before:

# ActiveModel::Exporters
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alejandrogutierrez/active_model_exporters.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alejandrogutierrez/active_model_exporters) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/alejandrogutierrez/active_model_exporters/badge.png)](https://coveralls.io/r/alejandrogutierrez/active_model_exporters)

`ActiveModel::Exporters` aims to provide an easy way to export
collections of `ActiveModel` or `ActiveRecord` objects.
It's based on object-oriented development and inspired on
[active_model_serializers](https://github.com/rails-api/active_model_serializers).

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'active_model_exporters'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install active_model_exporters

## Usage

Generate an exporter in `app/exporters/post_exporter.rb`:
```ruby
class PostExporter < ActiveModel::Exporter
  attributes :id, :name, :email
end
```

In your controller:
```ruby
class PostsController < ApplicationController
  def index
    @posts = Post.all

    respond_to do |format|
      format.csv { render csv: @posts }
    end
  end
end
```

When `http://localhost:3000/posts.csv` you will get a file with all
posts in a CSV file.

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Adding customize exporter and updating README

README.md, after:

# ActiveModel::Exporters
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/alejandrogutierrez/active_model_exporters.png?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/alejandrogutierrez/active_model_exporters) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/alejandrogutierrez/active_model_exporters/badge.png)](https://coveralls.io/r/alejandrogutierrez/active_model_exporters)

`ActiveModel::Exporters` aims to provide an easy way to export
collections of `ActiveModel` or `ActiveRecord` objects.
It's based on object-oriented development and inspired on
[active_model_serializers](https://github.com/rails-api/active_model_serializers).

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'active_model_exporters'

And then execute:

    $ bundle

## Usage

Generate an exporter in `app/exporters/post_exporter.rb`:
```ruby
class PostExporter < ActiveModel::Exporter
  attributes :id, :name, :email
end
```

In your controller:
```ruby
class PostsController < ApplicationController
  def index
    @posts = Post.all

    respond_to do |format|
      format.csv { render csv: @posts }
    end
  end
end
```

### Specify a exporter
To specify a custom exporter for an object, you can do the next:
```ruby
render csv: @posts, exporter: OtherPostExporter
```

### Attributes
As `ActiveModel::Serializers` does, you can access the object being exported as `object`.
```ruby
class PostExporter < ActiveModel::Exporter
  attributes :id, :name, :email, :full_name

  def full_name
    "#{object.name} #{object.last_name}"
  end
end
```

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
